Tiger Lord's land and real estate have all been transferred
It's all in Sister Cui Fang's name now
Lu Shan and his wife are all open
Also responsible for the broken show
Employer is worth tens of millions of shareholders
Hahahaha
Wow wow
You can't do that!
Can I leave it to my aunt for the wedding room?
There's nothing left in our house.
Dad, I'll be out of this in a minute
Still dreaming
Hengyuan Group infringes
Tianwang Laozi can't change you either
If you don't pay the debt, you will be on the credit list
At that time, it will be connected and begging like a stray dog
Don't worry, sister.
We will never pick up
You deserve to beg for food with the tiger master, don't put it in your mouth
Hahaha, do you know what interpretation is?
Ah, I, Su Tiger, have been running through Jiangcheng for so many years
It relies on Hengyuan Group and Mr. Zhao Jie
I say a word
Can deprive you of the efforts of three generations
What are you fighting me with?
Nice
That's so great!
On the board of directors of Hengyuan Group
Deprive me of all the assets of the Su family
And what is that tiger Su?
From now on
Jiang Cheng does not allow his existence
So what's up?
Summon all the chairpeople
Do you know
There are millions of us every minute.
The chairperson's special line that has been idle for more than three years
Order issued today
Except for teaching Su Fu
Fumie Su Xiang
Hahaha
Mr. Zhao is busy every day
Even I'm not qualified to supervise
You can give orders with a phone call
Will you just stop?
Do you want me and your mother to die soon?
It's sad.
The whole family has a nervous breakdown
I'm actually mad at this kind of stuff
Haha thunderous
Giving them a ride
OK